Electricity.
Where am I?
Just a second.
Dougie!
Dad?
Dad? Dad!
Home.
Huh?
Is it you?
Is it really you?
Yes.
It's really me, Diane.
Is it really you?
Yes.
You sure you want to do this?
You don't know what
it's gonna be like once we‒
I know that.
We're at that point now.
I can feel it.
Look.
Almost exactly 430 miles.
Exactly 430 miles.
Just think about it, Cooper.
This is the place, all right.
Kiss me.
Once we cross,
it could all be different.
Let's go.
Turn off the light.
What do we do now?
You come over here to me.
Diane.
♪ When the twilight is gone ♪
♪ Gone ♪
♪ And no songbirds are singing ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ When the twilight is gone ♪
♪ Gone ♪
♪ You come into my heart ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ And here in my heart
you will stay ♪
♪ My prayer ♪
♪ Is to linger with you ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ At the end of the day ♪
♪ In a dream ♪
♪ That's divine ♪
♪ My prayer ♪
♪ Is a rapture in blue ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ With the world far away ♪
♪ And your lips close to mine ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ While our hearts ♪
♪ Are aglow ♪
♪ Oh, tell me the words ♪
♪ That I'm longing to know ♪
♪ My prayer ♪
♪ And the answer you give ♪
♪ May they still be the same ♪
♪ For as long ♪
♪ As we live ♪
♪ That you'll always ♪
♪ Be there ♪
♪ At the end of ♪
♪ My prayer ♪
Diane?
"Dear Richard..."
Richard?
"When you read this,
I'll be gone.
Please don't try to find me.
I don't recognize you anymore.
Whatever it was
we had together is over.
Linda."
Richard.
Linda.
Coffee?
- More coffee?
- Yes.
Coffee?
Is there another waitress
that works here?
Yeah.
It's her day off.
Actually,
it's her third day off.
More coffee?
Stop it.
Stop it!
Stop. Stop!
Leave her alone.
What the fuck you doing?
What?
Get the fuck out of that booth.
Oh, fuck!
Oh, shit!
Oh.
Oh, shit.
Put your gun on the ground.
I don't have a gun.
Sit down.
Oh, shit.
Motherfucker.
Shit.
Fuck.
Who is he?
Write the address
on a piece of paper.
What?
Write the address
of the other waitress
on a piece of paper.
Where does this go?
What?
Where do you hang this?
Above, in the slot.
I don't know if the oil's hot enough
to set off those bullets,
but I'd move away.
Did you write down
her address for me?
Yeah, but, um...
It's okay.
I'm with the FBI.
FBI?
What the fuck just happened?
Who is it?
FBI.
Did you find him?
Laura.
You didn't find him?
You got
the wrong house, mister.
You're saying
you're not Laura Palmer?
Laura who?
No, I'm not her.
Now‒
What's your name?
Carrie Page.
Carrie Page?
That's right.
Now, I got to go, so...
Wait.
So the name Laura Palmer
means nothing to you?
Look...
...I don't know what you want,
but I'm not her.
Your father's name
was Leland.
Okay.
Your mother's name
is Sarah.
S-Sarah?
Yes, Sarah.
What's going on?
It's difficult to explain.
As strange as it sounds,
I think you're a girl
named Laura Palmer.
I want to take you
to your mother's home...
your home at one time.
It's very important.
Um...
...listen.
Normally...
...somebody like you comes around,
and I tell him to fuck off.
This door would be slammed
in their face.
Right now...
I got to get
out of Dodge anyway.
It's a long story.
So riding with the FBI
just might save my ass.
Where we going?
Twin Peaks, Washington.
D.C.?
No, state.
Washington State.
It's a long way?
It's a ways away.
Let me get my things.
Come on in.
Give me a minute.
Washington.
Is that, like, up north?
Do I need a coat?
Take a coat if you've got one.
I've got a couple.
I'll grab one.
Listen...
I don't have any food here.
I'll get us some food
on the way.
All right.
Let's go.
Are you really an FBI agent?
Yes.
Well, at least we're getting
out of this fucking town of Odessa.
Is someone following us?
Odessa.
I tried to keep
a clean house...
...keep everything organized.
It's a long way.
In those days...
...I was too young
to know any better.
You recognize anything?
No.
You recognize that house?
Come on.
Yes?
FBI.
I'm Special Agent Dale Cooper.
Is Sarah Palmer here?
Who?
Sarah Palmer.
No, there's no one here
by that name.
Do you know Sarah Palmer?
No.
Is this your house?
Do you own this house,
or do you rent this house?
Yes, we own this house.
Who did you buy it from?
Honey, what was the name
of the woman who sold us the house?
Chalfont, a Mrs. Chalfont.
Do you happen to know
who she bought it from?
No, I don't, but...
Honey, do you know who owned it
before Mrs. Chalfont?
No.
What is your name?
Alice. Alice Tremond.
Okay.
Sorry to bother you
so late at night.
That's okay.
Good night.
What year is this?
Laura!